First, the basics!

This mod will be coded as a Minecraft Forge mod!

This mod will be OPEN SOURCE! Let others learn from it as they wish!

This mod will be user-friendly and configurable! No sacrifices or cut corners to make it easier to code!

This mod will use many API's to ensure compatibility with many, many popular Forge mods!

Now, the plan, summarized: A single block, powered by items (like a railcraft chunkloader) or by power (IC2, TE3, BC, UE,
etc) in mass quantities, to effect chunks in certain ways. This is not a 'cheater' block, it won't reveal diamonds in 
the chunk you are in, but rather through its upgrades it can act as a chunk loader, a chunk ownership controller (with 
a whitelist for friends!), a block-break protector, a mob repulsor/spawn blocker, even a PvP Assault Block! (This might 
be a little ways down the line, and will definitely be configurable! More on this function in the 'upgrades' section) 
The block will consume items/energy based on its upgrades, essentially, the more it does, the more its going to cost to 
run it! (There are some crossovers with this block and MFFS's Interdiction Matrix, which is not coincidental! The block 
is very useful, but does not have all the functionality I would give it!) That is a pretty fair summation, now to break 
down some of the specifics!

Blocks: Only one!
Modular Chunk Control Matrix (MCCM)

  This block does nothing on its own! It is merely a shell, with many many slots for upgrades, inputs, settings, and 
  more! The plan is for this block to be semi-costly, but not overly so, rather the upgrades are what makes it 
  expensive. An eventual goal would be for the block to adjust its texture and shape based on what upgrades are placed 
  inside of it, and another thought along that same line would be for it to have only a certain number of upgrades 
  available per Matrix, but it could be increased by adding more Matrices (multiblock structure). The block itself
  will feature an owner-locked interface, much like TE3's Tesseracts/Strongboxes, or various Forestry machines. The
  block will fill an internal buffer with 'Dimensional Energy' (DE) for consumption as it works, based on upgrades.
  
Upgrades: So Configurable!

  Functions:
    Chunk Loading
      The Chunk Loading upgrade is self explanatory, the effected chunks will remain loaded while the MCCM is powered.
      This would be a fairly costly upgrade, one of the most expensive, and it would scale in cost based on effected
      chunks added up.
    Chunk Ownership (interaction prevention)
      My thoughts on 'chunk ownership' would be for it to work essentially like TE3's strongboxes, but all blocks/tiles
      within the effected chunks would gain this protection, marking some kind of message to the player who attempted to
      'right click' any block similar to attempting to use a strongbox you do not have access to. This obviously would
      scale in power consumption based on number of chunks effected.
    Block Break Prevention
      Using Forge's BlockBreak event, this would prevent players/objects from breaking the blocks within effected
      chunks, which would include effects like TNT, Quarries, Creeper explosions, etc. Scales with chunks of course
    Monster Spawn Prevention
      Fairly simple, prevents monsters from spawning within the effected chunks.
    Monster Repellent
      Simple also, prevents monsters from moving into the effected chunks.
    Item Consumption
      This upgrade is mutually exclusive to the 'energy consumption' upgrade, and the configuration file can disable
      this upgrade entirely if desired. This upgrade will consume an item to power the MCCM, the item consumed can be
      configured and how much Dimensional Energy will be provided per item. Multiple items with different 'DE' levels
      can be setup via the configuration files.
    Energy Consumption
      This upgrade is mutually exclusive to the 'item consumption' upgrade, and the configuration file can disable this
      upgrade entirely if desired. This upgrade will consume 'power' to fill its Dimensional Energy buffer to power the
      MCCM. Acceptable power types can be configured (EU, RF, MJ, etc) as well as a configurable level of transfer from
      said energies into 'DE'.
    Chunk Assault (PvP)
      This upgrade cannot be used with Chunk ownership or Block break protection. It can also be disabled entirely via
      the configuration file. This upgrade is an aggression upgrade, used to disable MCCM's owned by other players. 
      It's functionality is still somewhat unclear, and it might wait for a later version before being included. The 
      idea is, this upgrade will attack a nearby MCCM in attempts to disable it. Based on the number of Chunk Assault
      upgrades placed in it vs the Assault Resistance in the defending MCCM, it will drain extra power from the MCCM
      to attempt to bring it offline. The offensive MCCM has to have its area adjusted to overlap with an existing 
      MCCM in order to 'attack' it, and the aggressive MCCM, as it cannot be used with Block Break protection or 
      interaction protection, loses its 'ownership' protection provided natively by the MCCM block itself; long story
      short, if you do not protect it in other ways, or hide it, a defending player might notice the attack and 
      dismantle your aggressive MCCM (they cannot interact with it, but it can be destroyed! It has an incredibly long
      break time, and requires either a sword or pickaxe, and will destroy the block and all upgrades within! This is
      a WIP concept that might need a bit of refining!
    Square
      This upgrade is mutually exclusive with the 'circle' upgrade. The more square upgrades placed in the MCCM, the
      more chunks the square will encompass, increasing its length by 1 in each direction per square upgrade. For
      example: No square upgrade, the MCCM only effects the chunk its contained in. One square upgrade, the MCCM now
      effects a 3x3 area, two upgrades, 5x5, three, 7x7, etc. This upgrade itself does not cost Dimensional Energy,
      but rather other upgrades scale to total chunks effected.
    Circle
      This upgrade is mutually exclusive with the 'square' upgrade. The more circle upgrades placed in the MCCM, the
      more chunks the circle will encompass, increasing its radius by 1 in per circle upgrade. The circle upgrade is
      not exactly very circular, because by nature minecraft's chunks are square, but its a fairly simple process to
      get the idea here.. As a general rule, circle will always effect less total chunks than 'square' for the same
      ammount of upgrades. For example, no circle upgrades, the MCCM only effects the chunk it is contained in. With
      one circle upgrade, the radius moves to '1' moving one chunk in each direction, for a total of 5 chunks, as
      opposed to 9 chunks for square. Two circle upgrades moves the radius to 2, increasing the total chunks to 13,
      with three, the radius of 3 will increase the total chunks to 25, and so on. This upgrade itself does not cost
      Dimensional Energy, but rather other upgrades scale to total chunks effected.
    Bonus Chunks (Wrench will allow you to specify chunks in custom shape provided it is still connected)
      This upgrade
    Assault Resistance
    Whitelist Control
    Dimensional Energy Buffer Boost
    Communication Suppressor (chat inside doesn't get out)
    Communication Silencor (chat outside doesn't come in)
    Communication Satellite Link (chat from inside and out gets between linked players via named 'closed channel radio')
    
    
